3. Update filters component to have automatic filling based on state with map() instead of partial hard-coding
4. Make nav icon appear based off of the divce rather than screen size
5. Add on body click to close context menus like rating, search suggestions etc.
7. Close mobile menu on navigation
9. Fix nav menu for xl+ touchcreens so that users can open menu => detect device type and change nav menu view based on type rather than screen size.
10. On the 'language and interface' on 'User settings' page fix a bug of dissynchronised states of website theme between the navbar icon of theme and select menu
11. Fix flickering of tabs on re-render triggered by settings menu opening and closing in the UserSettings component 
12. Make settings menu sticky on mobile on the user settings page
13. Add description to achievements and create a proper table for them.
14. Fix a bug where if you click several config toggles in a fast, chaotic order the toggle buttons become broken. 
15. Fix a bug where nav bar opens up by itself (reason unknown as of now)
16. Refactor global css styles. Leave only truly global styles and put component-specific ones encapsulated within component module scope.
17. Fix issue with the search bar where if you click on a suggestion, it autofills the input and because of that (the onChange event) it triggers search once more and pops the suggestions menu.
18. Fix as issue where suggestions are not added for wrong confirmed options in TestSession component, handleConfirmed function
19. Make a proper logic for selecting achievements after the test and adding them to the user profile in TestResults, AchievementsSection component
20. Add sorting and filtering ability to decks on Search component
21. Properly implement features folder and offload the code from Pages to Features
22. Properly update language level and XP in profile (currently can overflow and not reset).
23. Make a function for each DB table that will return all the base data instead of static definition so that DB operation function can be at the top of a file